DOCS-3003: Add prerequisite of physically assembling hardware to components and services (#3540)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/arm/yahboom-dofbot.md

Viam supports the [Yahboom DOFBOT](https://category.yahboom.net/collections/r-robotics-arm) arm as a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="modular-resource" text="modular resource" >}}.
You can explore the source code on the [Viam-labs Yahboom GitHub repository](https://github.com/viam-labs/yahboom).

Configure a `dofbot` arm to add it to your machine.

> Connect your arm to your machine and turn it on if you want to test your arm as you configure it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to test your arm as you configure it, connect it to your machine's computer and turn it on.
```

Viam supports the [Yahboom DOFBOT](https://category.yahboom.net/collections/r-robotics-arm) arm as a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="modular-resource" text="modular resource" >}}.
You can explore the source code on the [Viam-labs Yahboom GitHub repository](https://github.com/viam-labs/yahboom).

Configure a `dofbot` arm to add it to your machine.

> Connect your arm to your machine and turn it on if you want to test your arm as you configure it.

Author: ```suggestion

Connect your arm to your machine and turn it on if you want to test your arm as you configure it.
```

> Make sure to first physically assemble the DOFBOT, connect it to your machine's computer, and turn it on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to first connect the arm to your machine's computer and turn it on.
```
